Russia
http://verified3vr2kdbnza6c3e5ak4z5xmtti4hx36dfg3kbi6pwekztvsqd.onion/forum.php - verified forum
http://uwovoq3luqdzqkuy5ynjl3lxh2gqbib2ceb77kcbr47ww4oyqyiahuid.onion/index.php - mazafaka forum
http://darkclub7swbzf2ndqowmijp735urtfv6vp5z327vdga5iltlwzyapid.onion/- dark club
http://gerkifrm6ga4yh6iivdijl6i5wjsvslgmxgauwpf4qldeyv5rmo55fid.onion/ - gerki tor (has a mirror in the clearnet)
http://commudazrdyhbullltfdy222krfjhoqzizks5ejmocpft3ijtxq5khqd.onion/ - community
http://bhf2b5nb3lb2kxpaoyqz7cuk2dkgej5n2refuffxzyhldwt4d7de4zqd.onion/ - forum BHF.EE
http://wayawaywadzldenxngutxmbr3mh3it4gzkocxyw2fn2exoig3sbjm6qd.onion/ - wayaway forum
http://ajr2ndchc4jcdbplt36d3ng7vzhjsu2m2kshikhobsw6gevldvv44hyd.onion/ - a dating site in darke, but there are few users.

General
http://rambleeeqrhty6s5jgefdfdtc6tfgg4jj6svr4jpgk4wjtg3qshwbaad.onion/ - ramble
http://forums.kaizushih5iec2mxohpvbt5uaapqdnbluaasa2cmsrrjtwrbx46cnaid.onion/ - klos forum
http://ojwp2gtj7dq7scd7gnbac6wp53tklgsicteabrnx2pr7zai64wriiaad.onion/ - libreddit
http://torbuyxpe6auueywlctu4wz6ur3o5n2meybt6tyi4rmeudtjsysayqyd.onion/forum/ - torforum torbuy
http://4kboq2bkchv3ilcpy2dk7il6le3opmdhcrhyfae7kbxfymt4fusm6iyd.onion/ - armaconda
http://us3xsdrhmhk4h3bkuq7ttkp6pocs4726esycpgwtogrpu3nfjj6eroqd.onion/ - shadow forums
http://g7ejphhubv5idbbu3hb3wawrs5adw7tkx7yjabnf65xtzztgg4hcsqqd.onion/ - defcon
http://deeptyspkdq3nfvqvyzbkgwhtok4qoyhypsyiuo24wux4jnb6e3nyiqd.onion/ - deep answers
http://refuge3noitqegmmjericvur54ihyj7tsfyfwdblitaeaqu2koi7iuqd.onion/ - refuge forum
http://bestteermb42clir6ux7xm76d4jjodh3fpahjqgbddbmfrgp4skg2wqd.onion/ - best carding world
http://pitchprash4aqilfr7sbmuwve3pnkpylqwxjbj2q5o4szcfeea6d27yd.onion â€“ pitch forum
http://bunkerapkk334hqopst6ur63mrjs4ls25z22x4telrvo5yn3c3llk3ad.onion/ - bunker (spanish forum)
http://dkforestseeaaq2dqz2uflmlsybvnq2irzn4ygyvu53oazyorednviid.onion - dark forest
http://abacusforafuhyaebalelwh3c2rojzjjkf7n2ubaxiaws5mxlcqjmdid.onion/ - small abacus forum (there are separate topics for different countries: UK, Italy, Germany, Canada, etc.)
http://hn2paw7zaahbikbejiv6h22zwtijlam65y2c77xj2ypbilm2xs4bnbid.onion - we the north Canadian forum
http://suprbaydvdcaynfo4dgdzgxb4zuso7rftlil5yg5kqjefnw4wq4ulcad.onion/ - suprbay
http://4h7m7qfqvyzqhe2n6v2olh5cmfs2cgkxrrvpnpiec3qixxywfzjljwyd.onion/ - Mitra 

French
http://frenchwltobamdhyq5y2egezkbnz53ws5kaa6wnscildhnegdw5nhsyd.onion/ - french world
http://dfasg4j6ebrkhjyxfff3nbp7c56ugl4zc2ml5gzkmcxvf77iodq3fsad.onion/ - french forum about infosec
http://lmpv2xoglvgh6ty6ymh2vww3gamfq5x3myk3gu7qzck7klcftf4s4lyd.onion/ - le mondo parallele (offline 22.10.2024)
http://vaguexd6ga5squg44kbeudqtpgomwztgwr5rlmz3jksursua4g64o2id.onion/ - nouvelle vague

Germany
http://germania7zs27fu3gi76wlr5rd64cc2yjexyzvrbm4jufk7pibrpizad.onion/

Polish
http://cebulka7uxchnbpvmqapg5pfos4ngaxglsktzvha7a5rigndghvadeyd.onion/

Korea
http://fmqrdslsqr7fmnaxrtdi5htnocyj6llf4cwp3rupcqtp57uorunz2iid.onion/ - top korea (I don't know how active the forum is)

Brazil
http://deeptyspkdq3nfvqvyzbkgwhtok4qoyhypsyiuo24wux4jnb6e3nyiqd.onion/ (http://xh6liiypqffzwnu5734ucwps37tn2g6npthvugz3gdoqpikujju525yd.onion/) - brazilian hidden answer (respostas ocultas)
